feat: GAC (RBAC) documentation (#699)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/advanced-concepts/access-control/granular-access-control/README.md

> # Granular Access Control (GAC)

Reviewer: - Remove (GAC) from the heading
- Add a callout for Business Edition

> Granular Access Control (GAC), in simple terms, define who can have access to various components of a system and what can they do with that access. Access determines what a user is authorized to do in a system. In Appsmith, you can define the access to different parts of your Appsmith instance (Workspace, Apps, Pages, Datasource etc.) using roles and then map these roles to a user or a group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Granular Access Control (GAC) enables you to specify which users or groups have access to different components of a system and what actions they can perform within that access. In Appsmith, you can use roles to define access to different parts of your Appsmith instance, such as Workspaces, Apps, Pages, and Datasources, and then assign these roles to individual users or groups of users.
```

Following are the components of an Appsmith instance that help you in implementing GAC.

## Users

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user refers to an individual who has been granted access to the Appsmith platform and has a unique login associated with their account. Users can be assigned roles and determine what actions they are authorized to perform within the Appsmith platform. For example, a user with the "Admin" role may have access to all parts of the Appsmith platform and the ability to perform any action within it, while a user with the "Developer" role may only have access to certain parts of the platform and be limited to certain actions.
```

## Groups

A group is a collection of users. Groups let you specify roles for multiple users, making it easier to manage the permissions for those users. You can view the exisiting groups and the roles mapped to them or create a new group under Admin Settings.

To create a new group, open Admin Setiings> Access Control> Groups and click "Add group" button at the top right corner of the screen.

To view the existing groups and further look at the users and roles assigned to it - 
1. Click **Groups** under Access Control from the sidebar. You'll see a list of all the groups in your Appsmith instance 
2. Open the group you want to check. 

## Roles 

> Permissions are rules that let you define the access to a resource. However, it's difficult to map each permission to a user or a group. A Role is a collection of permissions that enables a user to manage multiple permissions rather than assigning individual permissions to users/groups. Check [Roles](/advanced-concepts/access-control/granular-access-control/roles) to learn more about Roles and permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Permissions are rules that enable you to control access to a particular resource. However, assigning each individual permission to a specific user or group can be difficult. Instead, you can use roles to a set of permissions and assign them to users or groups as a whole. This makes it easier to manage multiple permissions at once. Roles allow users to perform a certain set of actions within the system based on the permissions that are associated with the role. For more information, see [How to configure Roles and Permissions](/advanced-concepts/access-control/granular-access-control/roles)?
```

:::info
Granular Access Control (GAC) is available only in the [business edition](https://www.appsmith.com/pricing) for self-hosted instances.
:::

Following are the components of an Appsmith instance that help you in implementing GAC.

## Users

A user refers to an individual who has been granted access to the Appsmith platform and has a unique login associated with their account. Users can be assigned roles and determine what actions they're authorized to perform within the Appsmith platform. For example, a user with the "Admin" role may have access to all parts of the Appsmith platform and the ability to perform any action within it, while a user with the "Developer" role may only have access to certain parts of the platform and be limited to certain actions.

Users under *Admin Settings* > *Access Control* at the sidebar gives you a list of all users with the roles and groups assigned to it on your Appsmith instance. You can add a new user to your instance by clicking on "**Add user**" at the top right corner of the screen.

> 

Reviewer 2: Nit: The button reads `Add Users` not `Add user`

![](/img/Users_list.png)

> If you want to add a user to a group, open the user from the user's list and In the groups tab, add the user to a new group from "All Groups" list. Similarly, If you want to assign a role to a user, open the user from the user's list and in the roles tab, pick the desired roles from "**All Roles**" list.

Reviewer: Can we simplify this paragraph? It looks a bit confusing.

Reviewer 2: +1

<VideoEmbed host="youtube" videoId="mJFlnd94Zd0" title="Add a user to group/Assign a role" caption="Add a user to group/Assign a role"/>

## Groups

A group is a collection of users. Groups let you specify roles for multiple users, making it easier to manage the permissions for those users. You can view the existing groups and the roles mapped to them or create a new group under Admin Settings.

To create a new group, open *Admin Settings* > *Access Control* > Groups and click "**Add group**" button at the top right corner of the screen.

![](/img/Groups.png)

To view the existing groups and further look at the users and roles assigned to it - 
1. Click **Groups** under Access Control from the sidebar. You'll see a list of all the groups in your Appsmith instance 
2. Open the group you want to check. 

> In the roles tab in a group, you can also assign a new role to the group from the "**All Roles**" list.

Reviewer 2: Should we rephrase this `In the roles tab in a group` to `In the roles tab, within the selected group,`

![](/img/Existing_groups_info.gif)

## Roles 

> Permissions are rules that enable you to control access to a particular resource. However, assigning each individual permission to a specific user or group can be difficult. Instead, you can use roles to a set of permissions and assign them to users or groups as a whole. This makes it easier to manage multiple permissions at once. Roles allow users to perform a certain set of actions within the system based on the permissions that are associated with the role. For more information, see [How to configure Roles and Permissions?](/advanced-concepts/access-control/granular-access-control/roles)

Reviewer 2: Should we rephrase this `Instead, you can use roles to a set of permissions` to `Instead, you can use roles to create a set of permissions`
